Add ignore pages option (#104)
cmfcmf/docusaurus-search-local: README.md

    titleBoost: 5,
    contentBoost: 1,
    parentCategoriesBoost: 2, // Only used when indexDocSidebarParentCategories > 0

>     // Add urls to be excluded from the search index. All versions of the given url will be ignores.
>     // If a baseUrl is set in docusaurus.config.js it will be prepended
>     ignore: ['/docs/reference/changelog']
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Add pages to be excluded from the search index. A given page will be ignored for all
    // documentation versions. If a baseUrl is set in docusaurus.config.js, it will be prepended.
    // Similarly, language prefixes will be prepended.
    ignore: [
      // e.g.: '/docs/reference/changelog'
    ]
```

I have some minor suggestions for rewording this slightly, and I would prefer if the example url is only added as part of a comment, since this structure should reflect the default options ("The following options are available (defaults are shown below):").

Reviewer: Also, could you move the option out of the `lunr` object into the `options` object? I feel like it should be located right after the `indexDocs`, `indexBlog`, and `indexPages` options.
